feature/self-homologation (#2026)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/additional-content/how-tos/improve-approval.en.md

## Recommendations to improve your approval

> WARNING
>
> Important
>

> > We recommend to assess your [integration’s quality](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/integration-quality) before going to production to check if you are meeting the Mercado Pago quality and security standards that guarantee a good payment approval rate.

Author: ```suggestion
> We recommend assessing your [integration’s quality](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/integration-quality) before going to production to check if you are meeting the Mercado Pago quality and security standards that would help you obtain a good payment approval rate.
```
